[Tracer][.NET] State the EOL versions and clarify that the runtime version is what matters for auto instrumentation (#14386)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/setup_overview/compatibility_requirements/dotnet-framework.md

| 4.6.2                   |                       | [GA](#support-ga)                   | latest                      |                     |
| 4.6.1                   | 04/26/2022            | [GA](#support-ga)                   | latest                      |                     |
| 4.6                     | 04/26/2022            | [EOL](#support-eol)                 | < 2.0.0 (e.g. [1.31.2][3]) | 04/26/2022          |
| 4.5.2                   | 04/26/2022            | [EOL](#support-eol)                 | < 2.0.0 (e.g. [1.31.2][3]) | 04/26/2022          |
| 4.5.1                   | 01/12/2016            | [EOL](#support-eol)                 | < 2.0.0 (e.g. [1.31.2][3]) | 04/26/2022          |
| 4.5                     | 01/12/2016            | [EOL](#support-eol)                 | < 2.0.0 (e.g. [1.31.2][3]) | 04/26/2022          |

Additional information can be found within [Microsoft's .NET Core Lifecycle Policy][4] and in [Runtime support policy for .NET Framework APM](#runtime-support-policy-for-net-framework-apm).

<div class="alert alert-info">

>   <div class="alert-info"><b>Note:</b> If you use automatic instrumentation only, the .NET Framework Version to take into account is the version installed on the application server.<br/>

Author: Hmm thanks for the suggestion. But this do not reflect what we want to say here. We could replace it by : "the .Net Framework version you need to consider to decide what tracer to use is the one installed on the application server" ? Not sure it's better though

>   <div class="alert-info"><b>Note:</b> If you use automatic instrumentation only, the .NET Framework Version to take into account is the version installed on the application server.<br/>

Reviewer: Essentially, what we are trying to say is "The .NET Framework Version that you should be looking at in this table is the version that is installed on the application server". Maybe we can reword this slightly and it would work?

>   <div class="alert-info"><b>Note:</b> If you use automatic instrumentation only, the .NET Framework Version to take into account is the version installed on the application server.<br/>

Reviewer 2: How about: "When deciding which tracer version to use for an automatic instrumentation, use the .NET Framework version installed on the application server."

| 4.7                     |                       | [GA](#support-ga)                   | latest          |                     |
| 4.6.2                   |                       | [GA](#support-ga)                   | latest          |                     |
| 4.6.1                   | 04/26/2022            | [GA](#support-ga)                   | latest          |                     |
| 4.6                     | 04/26/2022            | [EOL](#support-eol)                 | < 2.0.0         | 04/26/2022          |
| 4.5.2                   | 04/26/2022            | [EOL](#support-eol)                 | < 2.0.0         | 04/26/2022          |
| 4.5.1                   | 01/12/2016            | [EOL](#support-eol)                 | < 2.0.0         | 04/26/2022          |
| 4.5                     | 01/12/2016            | [EOL](#support-eol)                 | < 2.0.0         | 04/26/2022          |

Additional information can be found within [Microsoft's .NET Core Lifecycle Policy][3] and in [Runtime support policy for .NET Framework APM](#runtime-support-policy-for-net-framework-apm).

<div class="alert alert-info">

>   <div class="alert-info">**Note**: if you use automatic instrumentation only, the version to take into account is the version of the runtime.<br/>
>     <div>This means that if you compile your application in 4.5.1, but the application runs under framework 4.8 on the server, then you can use the latest version of the tracer.</div>

Reviewer: Small wording suggestions and added a link to the Microsoft docs

```suggestion
  <div class="alert-info">**Note**: If you use automatic instrumentation only, the .NET Framework Version to take into account is the version installed on the application server.<br/>
    <div>This means that if you compile your application to target .NET Framework 4.5.1, but the application runs on a server that has .NET Framework 4.8 installed, then you can use the latest version of the tracer. To determine which version of .NET Framework is installed on a machine, follow the <a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/framework/migration-guide/how-to-determine-which-versions-are-installed">guidance provided by Microsoft</a>.</div>
```

| <span id="support-beta">Beta</span>                    |  Initial implementation. May not yet contain all features. Support for new features, bug & security fixes provided on a best-effort basis.                                    |
| <span id="support-ga">General Availability (GA)</span> |  Full implementation of all features. Full support for new features, bug & security fixes.                                                                                    |
| <span id="support-maintenance">Maintenance</span>      |  Full implementation of existing features. Does not receive new features. Support for bug & security fixes only.                                                              |

> | <span id="support-eol">End-of-life (EOL)</span>        |  No. The version can still be used but no bugfixes will be provided. support.                                                                                                                                                                  |

Author: True. Removed it from this PR in 9d50220a1a0652d3074b249ab6e8113bd0e0b135
